Init script for the reassure cli package (#275)
callstack/reassure: docusaurus/docs/installation.md

```sh
yarn reassure --branch [branch name] --commit-hash [commit hash] 
```
## CI setup

> To make setting up the CI integration and all prerequisites more convenient, we have prepared a CLI command which will generate all necessary templates for you to get started with. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make setting up Reassure more convenient we have prepared a CLI command which will generate all necessary templates for you to get started with. 
```

Simply run:
```bash

> yarn reassure init --logLevel <verbose|default|silent>

Reviewer: Mentioning logLevel at this stage seems not necessary
```suggestion
yarn reassure init
```

```
This will generate the following file structure
```
├── <ROOT>
│   ├── .reassure

> │   │   └──  reassure-tests.sh

Reviewer: Why is reassure-tests.sh put under .reassure? reassure-tests.sh should be. top level.

> │   ├── dangerfile.ts (conditional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   ├── dangerfile.ts (append)
```

Reviewer: Yeah, the current solution make sense. 
```suggestion
│   ├── dangerfile.ts (or dangerfile.reassure.ts if dangerfile already present)
```

│   ├── dangerfile.reassure.ts (conditional)

> │   └── .gitignore (conditional)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
│   └── .gitignore (append)
```

```

> #### `--logLevel` (optional)

Reviewer: Seems like logLevel is related to all CLI commands, can we move it some common params section?

Reviewer: Can we use something like `--verbose` and `--silent` rather than `--logLevel`? This seems to be more common approach for CLI tools.

Author: done

This option allows you to control the level of logs. By default, you will only see errors and warnings if those arise, however, if you would like to have a bit more insight into the process you can run it with `--logLevel verbose`. Alternatively, you might want to skip the logs in their entirety. In that case, you can run the command with `--logLevel silent`. 

> #### `dangerfile.ts and dangerfile.reassure.ts`

Reviewer: Maybe we can always generate only `dangerfile.reassure.ts` instead of generating `dangerfile.ts`. Wdyt @Xiltyn ?

Author: we could absolutely do that, this removes the issue of potential merging, which is way trickier. On the other hand, is there a point to remove and optimisation which makes it easier for ppl that don't have any dangerfile yet?

wdyt?

Author: I made a change in the docs so that it reflects both of these scenarios better. End of the day I think it's better to make easier for ppl who aren't well versed in danger.js, but I'm happy to hear your opinion further :)

Reviewer: The current solution is good. No need to tweak it.

yarn reassure
```

> ### Integration

Reviewer: Why remove CI from title?

Author: Because CI Setup is the name of the whole section encompassing these sub-section.

Author: <img width="189" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-06 at 16 02 10" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18323849/217006622-3a04f086-dce1-4733-bc7f-d95f767cf7c5.png">

Like in the docs

As a final setup step you need to configure your CI to run the performance testing script and output the result.

> For presenting output at the moment we integrate with Danger JS, which supports all major CI tools.

Reviewer: Can we redact that, so that it mentions `dangerfile.reassure.ts`?

Author: I can reiterate so that it's there as well, but i's been mentioned already above in the same encompassing section.

Author: <img width="219" alt="Screenshot 2023-02-06 at 15 41 35" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/18323849/217001857-050be6b7-7de1-441e-afd4-c53fe23dcff9.png">

Like in the docs

});
```

#### Creating a new `dangerfile`

> If you do not have a dangerfile yet, you can use the one generated by the `reassure init` script without making any additional changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not have a `dangerfile` yet, you can use the one generated by the `reassure init` script without making any additional changes.
```
